Usage: run --help
       run --conf CONF [OPTION...]

Required arguments:
       -c CONF, --conf CONF     Use configuration from the file CONF.
                                See the snabb-softwire-v3 YANG module
                                for full documentation.

Optional arguments:
       -n NAME, --name NAME     Record NAME as the identifier of this
                                network function instance.  NAME can
                                then be passed to "snabb config" to
                                query or modify the current state or
                                configuration of the network function at
                                run-time.  NAME must be unique among
                                running Snabb programs.
       --cpu CPUSET             Run data-plane processes on CPUSET, a
                                list of CPU ranges.  For example
                                "3-5,7-9", or "3,4,5,7,8,9" both allow
                                the lwAFTR to run data planes on the
                                given CPUs.
       --v4 PCI-ADDR            Use the NIC at PCI-ADDR for IPv4
                                traffic, instead of the NIC specified in
                                CONF.
       --v6 PCI-ADDR            Like --v4, but for IPv6 traffic.
       --on-a-stick PCI-ADDR    Use the NIC at PCI-ADDR for both IPv4
                                and IPv6 traffic, instead of the NICs
                                specified in CONF.
       -i, --virtio             Interpret PCI addresses as referring to
                                virtio-net interfaces instead of
                                auto-detecting the appropriate driver.
       --xdp                    Use Linux interfaces via XDP.
                                (Incompatible with --on-a-stick.)
       -r SIZE, --ring-buffer-size SIZE
                                Set NIC receive buffer size.  The
                                default is driver-dependent.  See
                                performance tuning documentation, for
                                full details.
       --real-time              Enable real-time SCHED_FIFO scheduler.
       --mirror TAP             Copies matching packets to TAP
                                interface.  Matching address set by
                                "lwaftr monitor".
       --ingress-drop-monitor=HANDLER
                                When excessive packet loss is detected,
                                respond according to HANDLER.  HANDLER
                                can be one of "off" (to do nothing),
                                "warn" (to print a warning), or "flush"
                                (to warn and also cause Snabb to
                                re-optimize itself).  The default is
                                "flush".

Optional arguments for debugging and profiling:
       -v                       Verbose (repeat for more verbosity).
       --profile                Enable the low-overhead sampling
                                profiler.
       -t FILE, --trace FILE    Record a trace of any run-time "snabb
                                config" commands to FILE.
       -b FILENAME, --bench-file FILENAME
                                Write any benchmarking data to FILENAME.
       -D SECONDS               Stop after SECONDS, for debugging
                                purposes.
       -y, --hydra              Emit CSV data in the format expected
                                by the automated Hydra benchmarks.
       -h, --help               Show this help message.

When the -v option is used at least once, packets on the network
interfaces are counted and recorded, and the corresponding incoming and
outgoing packet rates are written to stdout in CSV format, suitable for
passing to a graphing program.  If a --bench-file is set, output is
written to a file instead of stdout.
