Usage: migrate-configuration LWAFTR.CONF

Options:
  -h, --help                 Print usage information.
  -f, --from=VERSION         Specify version from which to migrate.
  -o, --option=option        Specify an option (additional data) for the
                             migration.

Migrate an old-style configuration and binding table to the new YANG
configuration.  LWAFTR.CONF should be the name of an old lwAFTR
configuration.  Available VERSION values are:

  legacy
    Configuration from pre-v3.0.0 lwAFTR.
  3.0.1
    lwAFTR versions where "container" nodes in schemas are missing
    corresponding nodes in the data unless "presence true" is
    specified.
  3.0.1.1
    lwAFTR development snapshot where "br" fields of softwires were
    0-based instead of 1-based.
  3.2.0
    lwAFTR versions where "br" fields were indexes for the "br-address"
    leaf-list instead of "br-address" IPv6 entries on the softwire.
  3.3.0
    lwAFTR changes to multiprcoess configuration with the introduction of the
    instance list.

  pci-device
    This option is different from the other options in that it does not migrate
    the configuration from a specific version to a newer one but it migrates the
    configuration from one device configuration to another.

    This allows you to feed in a configuration file and modify the device of a
    instance block and/or add/modify the external IPv6 device too.

    This VERSION option takes two required additional options:
      - "from[device=DEVICE]" the current internal IPv4 PCI device listed.
      - "internal[device=DEVICE]" the internal IPv4 PCI device

    and one optional argument:
      - "external[device=DEVICE]" the external IPv4 PCI device

    DEVICE should be replaced with the PCI device. The from device must exist or
    an error will occur.

    This option is only compatible with the latest configuration version.

The default version is "legacy".

The resulting up-to-date configuration will be printed on standard
output, ready to be saved to a new file.
